qa: docker docs (#2538)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/concepts/bento.rst

"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The :code:`docker_template` field gives user the full control over how the
:code:`Dockerfile` was generated in a Bento. Users can use this field to
customize Bento's Dockerfile instruction set to suits their needs.

Let say that you want to isolate the installation of a custom python library from a build stage to the 
Bento utilizing `dockerfile's network modes <https://github.com/moby/buildkit/blob/master/frontend/dockerfile/docs/syntax.md#network-modes-run---networknonehostdefault>`_. You can use the :code:`docker_template` field to do this.

> First, write a :code:`Dockerfile.template` file anywhere that fits your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create a :code:`Dockerfile.template` file next to your :code:`bentofile.yaml` build file.
```

This template file is a mixed between a :code:`Dockerfile` and a :code:`Jinja` template file:

.. code-block:: dockerfile

   {% extends bento__dockerfile %}
   {% block SETUP_BENTO_BASE_IMAGE %}

>    FROM --platform=$BUILDPLATFORM python:3.7-slim as buildstage

Reviewer: is this line necessary? can we show a minimum example?
```suggestion
```

Reviewer: maybe move the example with build stage to the reference guide. Here let's just do something simpler to demonstrate how it works. 

E.g.
```
   {% extends bento__dockerfile %}
   {% block SETUP_BENTO_COMPONENTS %}
   
   RUN echo 'We are running this during bentoml containerize!'
   
   {{ super() }}
   {% endblock %}
```

   RUN mkdir /tmp/mypackage

   WORKDIR /tmp/mypackage/
   COPY mypackage .
   RUN python setup.py sdist && mv dist/mypackage-0.0.1.tar.gz mypackage.tar.gz

   {{ super() }}
   {% endblock %}
   {% block SETUP_BENTO_COMPONENTS %}
   {{ super() }}
   COPY --from=buildstage mypackage.tar.gz /tmp/wheels/
   RUN --network=none pip install --find-links /tmp/wheels mypackage
   {% endblock %}

.. note::

>    :bdg-warning:`Warning:` Remember to change your :code:`mypackage-0.0.1.tar.gz` to the correct tarfile name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> .. note::
> 
>    :bdg-warning:`Warning:` Remember to change your :code:`mypackage-0.0.1.tar.gz` to the correct tarfile name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. note::

>    The template file can have extension :code:`.jinja`, :code:`.j2`, or any

Reviewer: 👍

   extensions that Jinja2 can understand.

Then add the path to the given template file to the :code:`docker_template` field in the :code: `bentofile.yaml`:

.. code:: yaml

    docker:

>         docker_template: "~/workspace/Dockerfile.template"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        docker_template: "./Dockerfile.template"
```

Reviewer: although it supports any local file path, it's better to recommend users put the template file in the project directory.

Now to see the result generated Dockerfile, do the following:

.. code-block:: bash

   bentoml build && cat $(bentoml get <bento> -o path)/env/docker/Dockerfile

> .. dropdown:: Results should looks something like this: 

Reviewer: remove the full dockerfile generated since it's hard for us to keep updating it in docs. just let user to confirm the line is in the generated dockerfile

Author: noted

      else
      if [ -f /home/bentoml/bento/env/python/requirements.txt ]; then
          echo "Installing pip packages from 'requirements.txt'.."
          pip install -r /home/bentoml/bento/env/python/requirements.txt $EXTRA_PIP_INSTALL_ARGS
      fi
      fi
      EOF

      # install wheels included in Bento
      RUN bash <<EOF
      if [ -d /home/bentoml/bento/env/python/wheels ]; then
      echo "Installing wheels.."
      pip install /home/bentoml/bento/env/python/wheels/*.whl
      fi
      EOF

      # Run user setup scripts if exists
      RUN bash <<EOF
      if [ -f /home/bentoml/bento/env/docker/setup_script ]; then
      chmod +x /home/bentoml/bento/env/docker/setup_script
      /home/bentoml/bento/env/docker/setup_script
      fi
      EOF

      COPY --from=buildstage mypackage.tar.gz /tmp/wheels/
      RUN --network=none pip install --find-links /tmp/wheels mypackage
      # Default port for BentoServer
      EXPOSE 3000

      RUN chmod +x /home/bentoml/bento/env/docker/entrypoint.sh

      USER bentoml

      ENTRYPOINT [ "/home/bentoml/bento/env/docker/entrypoint.sh" ]

      CMD [ "bentoml", "serve", "/home/bentoml/bento", "--production" ]

> Run :code:`bentoml containerize <bento>` and congratulations, you have a new BentoML container! 🎆

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run :code:`bentoml containerize <bento>` to confirm the generated Dockerfile work as expected.
```

First, write a :code:`Dockerfile.template` file anywhere that fits your needs.
This template file is a mixed between a :code:`Dockerfile` and a :code:`Jinja` template file:

.. code-block:: dockerfile

   {% extends bento__dockerfile %}
   {% block SETUP_BENTO_BASE_IMAGE %}
   FROM --buildplatform=$BUILDPLATFORM python:3.7-slim as buildstage
   RUN mkdir /tmp/mypackage

   WORKDIR /tmp/mypackage/
   COPY mypackage .
   RUN python setup.py sdist && mv dist/mypackage-0.0.1.tar.gz mypackage.tar.gz

   {{ super() }}
   {% endblock %}
   {% block SETUP_BENTO_COMPONENTS %}
   {{ super() }}
   COPY --from=buildstage mypackage.tar.gz /tmp/wheels/
   RUN --network=none pip install --find-links /tmp/wheels mypackage
   {% endblock %}

.. note::

   :bdg-warning:`Warning:` Remember to change your :code:`mypackage-0.0.1.tar.gz` to the correct tarfile name.

.. note::

   The template file can have extension :code:`.jinja`, :code:`.j2`, or any
   extensions that Jinja2 can understand.

> Then add the path to the given template file to the :code:`docker_template` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then add the path to the given template file to the :code:`docker_template` field in the :code: `bentofile.yaml`:
```

.. code:: yaml

    docker:
        docker_template: "~/workspace/Dockerfile.template"

> 

Reviewer: Add something about verifying the dockerfile, e.g.:

now run bentoml build to create a new bento; run bentoml containerize to test the docker build; use cat $(bentoml get -o path)/docker/Dockerfile to view the final generated dockerfile

Author: does the below work?

The :code:`docker_template` field gives user the full control over how the
:code:`Dockerfile` was generated in a Bento.

> .. note:: 
>    If you are not sure what you are doing, then you probably won't need this. Otherwise, Refers to :ref:`Dockerfile Generation <reference/build_config:Dockerfile generation>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`Dockerfile Generation <reference/build_config:Dockerfile generation>` to learn more.
```
